README.md, before:

# Learning Resources Repository

[English](README.md) | [中文](docs/README.zh.md)

Welcome to the **Learning Resources Repository**! This repository is designed to offer a comprehensive collection of curated resources across various fields to support your personal and professional development. Whether you're a student, professional, or just curious, you'll find valuable materials to help you enhance your skills and knowledge.

## 📚 Contents

1. [Frontend Development](#-frontend-development)
2. [Backend Development](#-backend-development)
3. [Mobile Development](#mobile-development)
4. [Personal Development](#-personal-development)
5. [Machine Learning](#-machine-learning)

---

## 🌐 Frontend Development

Explore resources for mastering frontend development, from beginner to advanced levels. Find tutorials, courses, and books that cover HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and more.

- [**Beginner Level**](./FrontendDevelopment/Frontend.md/#-beginner-level)
- [**Intermediate Level**](./FrontendDevelopment/Frontend.md/#-intermediate-level)
- [**Advanced Level**](./FrontendDevelopment/Frontend.md/#-advanced-level)

## 💻 Backend Development

Discover resources for backend development, including server-side languages, databases, and APIs. This section includes guides for different skill levels.

- [**Beginner Level**](./BackendDevelopment/Backend.md/#-beginner-level)
- [**Intermediate Level**](./BackendDevelopment//Backend.md/#-intermediate-level)
- [**Advanced Level**](./BackendDevelopment//Backend.md/#-advanced-level)

## 📱Mobile Development

Access resources for mobile development, including  iOS and Android platforms. Find tutorials, courses, blogs and communities to help you build mobile apps.

- [**Beginners Level**](./MobileDevelopment//MobileDevelopment.md/#-beginners-level)
- [**Intermediate Level**](./MobileDevelopment//MobileDevelopment.md/#-intermediate-level)
- [**Advanced Level**](./MobileDevelopment//MobileDevelopment.md/#-advanced-level)

## 🎨Product Design
Access resources for product design. Find tutorials, courses, blogs and communities to help you design and curate excellent user experience.
- [**Beginners level**](./ProductDesign//ProductDesign.md/#getting-started)
- [**Intermediate level**](./ProductDesign//ProductDesign.md/#prototyping--design-tools)
- [**Advanced level**](./ProductDesign//ProductDesign.md.md/#design-systems--ui-kits)

## 👨‍💻Programming Basics
Access resources to help you kickstart your programming journey. Find tutorials to the 10 most popular programming languages.
- [**Beginners level**](./ProgrammingBasics//ProgrammingBasics.md)



## 🧠 Personal Development

Access a range of materials for personal growth, including goal setting, productivity, and emotional intelligence. Resources are available for various stages of personal development.

- [**Beginner Level**](./personalDevelopment/personaldevelopment/#-beginner-level)
- [**Intermediate Level**](./personalDevelopment/personaldevelopment/#-intermediate-level)
- [**Advanced Level**](./personalDevelopment/personaldevelopment/#-advanced-level)
- [**Books**](./personalDevelopment/personaldevelopment/#-books)

## 🤖 Machine Learning

Access a range of materials of machine learning ranging from videos, courses, books to make you better.

- [**Beginner Level**](./MachineLearning/MachineLearning.md/#-beginner-level)
- [**Intermediate Level**](./MachineLearning/MachineLearning.md/#-intermediate-level)
- [**Advanced Level**](./MachineLearning/MachineLearning.md/#-advanced-level)
- [**Books**](./MachineLearning/MachineLearning.md/#-books)


---

## 🤝 Contributions
We welcome contributions to make this repository even more valuable! If you have resources to add or improvements to suggest, please refer to our [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) file for guidelines.

### Contributors
<a href="https://github.com/SCA-OAU/LearnLink/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=SCA-OAU/LearnLink" />
</a>

Made with [contrib.rocks](https://contrib.rocks).

## 📧 Support
Don't forget to star ⭐ this repo if you find this helpful

---

## 📑 License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [license](./LICENSE.md) file for details.

---

Thank you for visiting and happy learning! 🚀

Commit message:

Add the technical writing resources
This commit introduces the section for technical writing.

Signed-off-by: Motunrayo Adeneye <67984447+motuncoded@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# Learning Resources Repository

[English](README.md) | [中文](docs/README.zh.md)

Welcome to the **Learning Resources Repository**! This repository is designed to offer a comprehensive collection of curated resources across various fields to support your personal and professional development. Whether you're a student, professional, or just curious, you'll find valuable materials to help you enhance your skills and knowledge.

## 📚 Contents

1. [Frontend Development](#-frontend-development)
2. [Backend Development](#-backend-development)
3. [Mobile Development](#mobile-development)
4. [Personal Development](#-personal-development)
5. [Machine Learning](#-machine-learning)

---

## 🌐 Frontend Development

Explore resources for mastering frontend development, from beginner to advanced levels. Find tutorials, courses, and books that cover HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and more.

- [**Beginner Level**](./FrontendDevelopment/Frontend.md/#-beginner-level)
- [**Intermediate Level**](./FrontendDevelopment/Frontend.md/#-intermediate-level)
- [**Advanced Level**](./FrontendDevelopment/Frontend.md/#-advanced-level)

## 💻 Backend Development

Discover resources for backend development, including server-side languages, databases, and APIs. This section includes guides for different skill levels.

- [**Beginner Level**](./BackendDevelopment/Backend.md/#-beginner-level)
- [**Intermediate Level**](./BackendDevelopment//Backend.md/#-intermediate-level)
- [**Advanced Level**](./BackendDevelopment//Backend.md/#-advanced-level)

## 📱Mobile Development

Access resources for mobile development, including  iOS and Android platforms. Find tutorials, courses, blogs and communities to help you build mobile apps.

- [**Beginners Level**](./MobileDevelopment//MobileDevelopment.md/#-beginners-level)
- [**Intermediate Level**](./MobileDevelopment//MobileDevelopment.md/#-intermediate-level)
- [**Advanced Level**](./MobileDevelopment//MobileDevelopment.md/#-advanced-level)

## 🎨Product Design
Access resources for product design. Find tutorials, courses, blogs and communities to help you design and curate excellent user experience.
- [**Beginners level**](./ProductDesign//ProductDesign.md/#getting-started)
- [**Intermediate level**](./ProductDesign//ProductDesign.md/#prototyping--design-tools)
- [**Advanced level**](./ProductDesign//ProductDesign.md.md/#design-systems--ui-kits)

## 👨‍💻Programming Basics
Access resources to help you kickstart your programming journey. Find tutorials to the 10 most popular programming languages.
- [**Beginners level**](./ProgrammingBasics//ProgrammingBasics.md)



## 🧠 Personal Development

Access a range of materials for personal growth, including goal setting, productivity, and emotional intelligence. Resources are available for various stages of personal development.

- [**Beginner Level**](./personalDevelopment/personaldevelopment/#-beginner-level)
- [**Intermediate Level**](./personalDevelopment/personaldevelopment/#-intermediate-level)
- [**Advanced Level**](./personalDevelopment/personaldevelopment/#-advanced-level)
- [**Books**](./personalDevelopment/personaldevelopment/#-books)

## 🤖 Machine Learning

Access a range of materials of machine learning ranging from videos, courses, books to make you better.

- [**Beginner Level**](./MachineLearning/MachineLearning.md/#-beginner-level)
- [**Intermediate Level**](./MachineLearning/MachineLearning.md/#-intermediate-level)
- [**Advanced Level**](./MachineLearning/MachineLearning.md/#-advanced-level)
- [**Books**](./MachineLearning/MachineLearning.md/#-books)

## 🖊️ Technical Writing

Get access to different ranges of learning resources from videos, courses, tools to books in order to increase your productivity as a technical writer.
- [**Beginners Level**](./TechnicalWriting/TechnicalWriting.md/#-beginners-level)
- [**Intermediate Level**](./TechnicalWriting/TechnicalWriting.md/#-intermediate-level)
- [**Advanced Level**](./TechnicalWriting/TechnicalWriting.md/#-advanced-level)



---

## 🤝 Contributions
We welcome contributions to make this repository even more valuable! If you have resources to add or improvements to suggest, please refer to our [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) file for guidelines.

### Contributors
<a href="https://github.com/SCA-OAU/LearnLink/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=SCA-OAU/LearnLink" />
</a>

Made with [contrib.rocks](https://contrib.rocks).

## 📧 Support
Don't forget to star ⭐ this repo if you find this helpful

---

## 📑 License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [license](./LICENSE.md) file for details.

---

Thank you for visiting and happy learning! 🚀
